# space-explorer

This is a landing page design that makes use of Javascript to populate the navigation bar and trigger an active state when the user is reading a specific section, created as part of the Udacity course [Javascript and the DOM](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd0011/parts/68c70b08-c36e-4c48-97af-c84d77ddef5e)
.

Note: The text (and some imagery) content is stuff taken from the good folks at [Blue Origin](https://www.blueorigin.com/)

## Getting Started

Nothing fancy here in terms of installation simply clone the repo or make a fork and work your magic.

Not sure how to clone a repo? Check out this [link](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) from GitHub explaining how.

### Adding Links

The links in the navbar are automatically generated by Javascript. Simply add a new section with a `data-nav` tag set to the name you want displayed in the link.

`<section data-nav="passion">`

Note: The name in the link is also displayed in the background of the active section but this can be changed in the `.active` [css class](css/main.css) by removing or changing the `content: attr(data-nav)` rule.

### Active States

Including background changes, there are also animations that occur. These animations are input into the css using the `.active` css class as a selector.

Example: `.active .classname-that-triggers-the animation`

This is so the animation only runs when the section is in the viewport.

## Issues

~~The link corresponding to the first section remains highlighted event when the user is over the header element~~

## To-Do

- [x] Fix the issue with the first link staying highlighted
- [ ] Refactor the loving daylights out of the code
